Okay, I'm just like... There we are. Now we are recording.
Okay, so hello everyone. What a wonderful idea to have a topic like talking about the saris
and also the relationship with the saris and Shrimata Jhida. I'm sure there's many,
many stories about it and they're all diverse and beautiful. So my story starts in 1980
when I was still in Switzerland and we had started to organize programs of sajaja yoga.
And actually, that was the second time we organized some program in Geneva
for sajaja yoga. And I was the one who actually set them up in the hotel intercontinental.
And I had invited... Can you hear me all? Because I have just a dark screen in front of me.
I can certainly hear you.
Yes.
Yeah, okay then. So I had invited a lot of people, some colleagues, some teachers
at the university where I was teaching and quite a lot of my friends came. And it was just a lovely
program. Shrimata Jhida was very humorous. And for instance, there was one friend of mine who
was a banker and he couldn't feel the vibrations. So Shrimata Jhida asked him to say,
mother, are you the banker of all the bankers? And then lo and behold, he felt the vibrations.
And everybody laughed, of course, because it was really funny and very nice, very lighthearted.
Okay, that was at that program. After this program, Shrimata Jhida told a little group to go
to the place, to a place of one young geek called Matthias and to gather there. And so
a little group went there. It was a small apartment in the old town of Geneva. And we all
gathered up there. I mean, I think we were about six or seven, not more than that. And one of my
friends actually attended and she came. And she couldn't feel the vibrations really. And she was
really wondering who Shrimata Jhida was. In the first place, Shrimata Jhida told us that she was
very happy with the program. And then she gave me a beautiful sari, which I show you here. It was
one of hers, actually, one of her saris. And the lila is incredible because this is my favorite
color. It's Indian pink, and it's completely interwoven. I don't know if you can see this.
It's not only plain. You can see a complete thread. Yeah, the weave is beautiful.
And so I had it on my lap, and just a bit casually on my lap, but it was fine.
And then this friend asked Shrimata Jhida if she was a prophet. Shrimata Jhida smiled.
She still couldn't feel the vibrations. So I had the idea to tell her,
why don't you put your hands toward the sari that Shrimata Jhida just gave me?
And lo and behold, she felt tremendous vibrations coming from the sari.
Maybe she had a little block on the agia because she was coming from a Protestant family. And then,
of course, the Virgin Mary and female deities were not really so much worshipped in Protestant Church.
However, she felt such strong vibrations that Shrimata Jhida asked my brother Gregoire to read
the stances of the Devi Mahatmya. And then this friend went into a very deep meditation.
So she was really, and she is, a very ancient soul who was worshipping
the mother goddess, kind of Devi Durga. So that's one part of the story. Fast forward,
in 1988, I was sent to Colombia. I was living at Church Amrud with all my family and my children.
And I had three babies and we were looking after the ashram with another new guinea. I was very
busy, of course, you can imagine, with three little ones. And Shrimata Jhida wanted to give me
a little vacation. And she sent me, she was also going actually to Colombia, where one of my friends
was actually preparing programs for Shrimata Jhida in Bogota, my friend Brigitte, actually.
So we all stayed in her apartment in Bogota. And I was there. It was wonderful because we were
cooking for Shrimata Jhida and we were a little committee and we were preparing these programs.
I mean, I was not especially preparing them, they were already prepared. And lots of people
actually came, thousand people came to these first programs in Bogota. But what I remember
was the puja, which was in her garden, in Brigitte's garden, and Shrimata Jhida was there,
obviously. And I don't remember which puja it was, but it was, we were about a group of like 40 or
50 people. And all the ladies at the end of the puja wanted to ask a name to Shrimata Jhida.
And I said, Oh my God, that would be really nice. I'm also going to queue and I want to have a name
for, from Shrimata Jhida. And I was wearing this sari that she had given me. So I queued and I was
at the end of the queue actually. And when I arrived where she was sitting still on her chair
after the puja, she asked me, Oh, Antoinette, you also want a name? I said, Oh yes, Shrimata
Jhida, I would love a name if you could give me a name. And she was just reflecting a little moment
or in meditation for a moment. And she said Amruta, which I love. So she gave me the name
of Amruta. And then she said, what an amazing, what a beautiful sari you are wearing. Where did
you get this sari? One doesn't do this saris anymore. They are very old kind of fashion saris.
And I said to Shrimata Jhida, Shrimata Jhida, you gave it to me 10 years ago. And so she laughed
and I laughed. And there's a photo of it that I think, Caroline, you can show it. I don't know
where you have it now. I sent it to you yesterday. Yeah. So she was touching the fabric exactly. So
this is Shrimata Jhida taking the fabric into her hands and looking at it and saying, Oh,
we don't, this is Brigitte actually, by the way, kneeling there. And she said,
we don't do this saris anymore. And so it was a lovely story. That's it. That's my story.
I thought you said originally you have three stories.
Sorry, I can't hear you now. I thought you said originally that you have three stories.
Three stories. Well, I can have a small, small other story. That's two. And the other story
that Shrimata Jhida used to choose all our cotton saris when we arrived in India.
And it was always unusual colors. But then when we were wearing them, it was a color,
the unusual color that maybe we wouldn't have worn because we didn't kind of like the color
or something. And then we would wear that sari and it would be amazing. It was a color actually,
which would suit you perfectly. So I don't have a picture of that. But I remember a purple sari,
dark purple cotton sari. I never wear purple, but I put it on and it was beautiful. And another one
which was really a deep green and I don't wear deep green color. And again, it was, I mean,
I have a photo but I didn't send it, this one. And then again, it was a lovely color on me.
And this cotton saris, I mean, I still have some because they are for me, they are
just such a beautiful memory of this kind of India tour, which were in the early 80s. I mean,
yes, we could talk about it for ages. So that's my third story, Caroline. But I'm talking to a
screen and I would love to talk to people, that would be so much nicer if I could see people,
is it not possible? Well, the thing is, Antoinette, that if everybody comes on, then it's kind of
more difficult for the recording. It's easier for the recording if people's cameras are off.
And there's a risk of strange camera angles or people not really recording.
All right. Yeah. All right. Did you hear me all right? Did you hear what I said?
Well, I mean, everybody can learn. By all means, open your cameras for a moment and tell Antoinette
and you thought of her story. It was wonderful. Okay. You heard what I said. Great.
I heard everything.
Okay. And the others as well, hopefully.
Yes.
Okay, great. So that's me. That was my story. It's a lovely story.
Okay, Fergie, don't go away because you're up next.
Okay.
Fergie, can you come back?
Oh, great. Thank you to say that. You could see the pattern. I'm so happy
that you could see the weaving of the sari. Lovely.
Okay, there it is. As soon as you talk, it should switch to you, I think.
Well, let me think.
Would you like me to share the photo?
Yes, please.
So this is a photo of Srimataji and I'm hoping it's the right one. She had a house in...
There was two houses in Hounslow, but this is the one which Vicky and Ian Lewis and
Anne Lewis had bought. And she was packing away her asaris into a trunk. And I was in the house
moving things around. And then she saw me. And not many people know that when you're in Srimati's
presence, you read your mind. And I was wondering what was happening because it didn't seem like
packing away. And then she said to me that the reason why she was going to pack away her asaris
and lock them up in the case, because she said if any of her relatives or anybody tries to
use them or touch them, it wouldn't be good. So she was doing that to protect them.
So that's just my story.
So I can... If you look closely, Srimati's smiling after the photo has been taken.
She can read and just all knowing. So I would say. That's it.
That's lovely.
So now I have next on my list. I have Maria-Amelia.
Yes, I'm here. Hello, everyone. How are you?
Hello. Can you hear me well? Yes. So can you see me? Yes.
So I have three short stories. Well, there are many, but I mean,
just choose, I've chosen just the three first ones. In 1979, 1980, she offered me a sari.
And it was my first sari. And then on my second puja, on my third puja, which was in Zurich in
October 1980, I was trying to get ready because the puja was at our place. I don't know when
mine's in my place. And when you are hosting everyone at your place and the puja and the
cooking. So you can imagine I was a little bit rushing around to get everything done properly
and to get myself ready. And it was the second time I was wearing a sari. I had no clue really
how to put it on. So suddenly she, because she was in our room and then she called me and said,
Mary Amelia, come, come here. And then in two seconds, she just did. And she made the pleats
and it was done. And I had no time to see how it was. She wanted to teach me, but it was so fast
and so perfectly well done. And I couldn't see it. But the sari, I still have it and obviously, and
ever since I've been wearing it in several pujas after I learned how to put them on.
So it's a blue with a red border. Beautiful. So that was the first sari that I had. And she was
the one putting it on me, showing me how to do it. So that's the first story. The second story is
that in before going to India for the first big tour, which was 80, 81, she offered me a sari.
And she said that this sari, she said, well, it's just in silk, but you see, it's quite a nice one
because I did all the drawing and had it printed. So the sari is this. Beautiful. So she had,
she did the drawing. It's just flowers all over. I don't know if you can see 12,
but she was the one who designed it actually and had it printed on silk. So
that was a very, very special thing also. I did not know that we could just, well, that she would
do such a thing. Actually, I have pictures of these saris, but I didn't send them to you,
Caroline. I'm sorry. I didn't think of it, but I can show the albums, but it can be a bit difficult.
But I think the main thing is to have really the sari. Yeah. And the third story is that
it's again a sari that she offered. You see, it was so sweet because at the beginning on those
late 70s, early 80s, we were less people, but she was always offering us and giving us presents and
saris to the ladies. And then she offered me a sari actually for a wedding, not my wedding,
for another wedding. So I had it. And then I went to London in 1981 to attend
the first collective weddings that she gave, not the first, well, but first official because
there were some other weddings first. And in 81, she had 16 couples or 15 couples getting married.
And at the last minute, she had a 16th couple getting remarried because we had been married
before, but not by her. And so she told us to be the 16th couple to be married at that moment.
And of course, as I did not know, because all the other ladies had their saris and chunis and
everything, I didn't know that I was going to be married when I went. So I have taken
this sari because it was a very beautiful one, but that was it. I had no chuni, nothing.
And there was also Hillary who was also getting remarried. There were 14 couples plus two getting
remarried, which made 16. And so at the last minute, she might have asked someone to go to
her house and bring two chunis. She didn't say colors. She didn't say anything. So when the
person came back with the two chunis, one was white and Jill's wedding sari was blue and
embroidered in silver. So it was perfect for her sari. And the other one was pink. And
here is the sari I had. So the two chunis that came were perfect for the saris that we had.
So we could have really the entire time for the wedding. So that's all. Thank you.
Okay. Hello, everyone. This is my first time coming to the early yogis group and I'm
very happy to be here. This is one of my favorite subjects, saris and and Srimati ji. And
so very excited to share with you. I have a lot of stories. I've pared it down. But here's,
I'll begin. So Linda, we still have plenty of time. Yeah, I can do some more later, maybe.
Sure. So I want to begin with my very first India tour. I got my realization actually in London
in 82. I was visiting my sister, you know, Marsha and Danny were there. And then it
it wasn't until 84 that I actually really in earnest started practicing sahaja yoga around June.
And that December, I went to India and arrived there and oh, still kind of wondering, you know,
what is this about and all. So we the tour started in Bombay, and then it went to Vaitarna.
And there we all received our tour sahaja yoga. And I actually have kept these since for the last 40
years. So here's this, this will look familiar to everybody. See, remember these?
So I think every almost everybody got one of these. And again, just like Antoinette was saying,
I mean, I never wore orange, bright orange, you know, never would have worn this color
or combination. But we were given I think seven or eight sahas. And we, that's what we were going
to wear. Here's another one, I never ever would wear yellow. But here's one of those sahas from
one of those early divorce. So remember these styles too. It's really beautiful to remember
them. So, so we've got to Vaitarna. And it was really late, we'd come late on the bus,
and everybody was getting their luggage and getting a place to stay. And my luggage was
nowhere to be found. So I waited and waited and waited. Finally, it was found, but the only place
left to stay was in the same bungalow as Shrimantaji. So there were about, I don't know,
20 of us. And so I, at night, it was very late. And I remember so clearly rolling out my sleeping bag
sitting. And I was literally 20 feet from where Shrimantaji's door was and where she was sleeping,
and I felt very strong pressure. I could clearly feel like her hand, and I knew it was her hand
on my heart, pushing, pushing, pushing. So I just felt like, oh, she's helping me. She's helping me.
Thank you. Thank you. In the morning, when we got up, Shrimantaji came out of the room,
and she, this was the first day, real day of the tour, and she started telling us, now,
I know you all are new to wearing sari, so I'm going to show you how to do it.
So she took a sari, and she, we were all ladies there, of course, so, and she started, she wrapped
it around. She said, first you tie it, you know, wrap it around once, then you bring it around.
And she, that's when she said, it's wrapped in three and a half coils. And she was telling how
auspicious it is and how it's a very dignified and very spiritual thing to wear, to, you know,
encourage us. And she, you know, brought it around and showed very, actually slowly, she showed how
to make the folds, tuck them in, then, you know, bring it around. And then, after she had it over
her shoulder, and then she said, and of course, you'll wear it to puja, you'll wear it, you know,
many, anytime you can wear it. But also, she showed how you can bring it around and tuck it in.
And she said, this way, I remember her going like this, your arms are free, and you can do any work.
So it was such a moment where she said, you know, some people say that when you're wearing a saree,
you have to be so dainty and can't do any work. But no, you can do anything in a saree, and even
you can be a warrior in a saree. I remember her saying that. So that was such an amazing moment,
and I really felt so lucky to have experienced that. And I just want to show you another saree
that I think will be familiar to many of you. Do you remember this one, this pink one? Let me see.
But everybody in the tour got this. Can you see? Yeah, beautiful.
We all got this. It was bright pink, hot pink, which again, for me, was like, really? I'm going
to wear hot pink. But we all, you know, all, however many, 300, or I guess maybe 200 of us
got the same saree. So there was a time when you would go to a puja, and there would be half the
ladies wearing the saree for the puja. So, okay. So then, I actually was so,
I loved going on India tour, and I went every year, starting in 1980, 45. And during those years,
as I was getting established in saaj yoga, and really trying to get cleared out,
there was one year I went, and I really was not in very good shape. And I, you know, was,
had a terrible case of left vishuddhi. And I, at one, it was, again, it was in Vaitarna, actually.
And I was, had this idea in my head, oh, why should I, you know, I was just very, very depressed,
really. And so I was walking along, and it would happen on these tours that all of a sudden,
Shri Mataji would appear. And in this case, she sat down, it was about like 300 yards away from,
200 yards away from where I was. And she, some, you know, yogis were helping her. She put out
a whole lot of sarees in front of her on a cloth. And she, so I went over there, and there was this
big metal fencing there, like a gate, that, that she was on the other side. And I'm looking through
this gate, and I'm looking at these sarees, and, and I'm thinking to myself, why should I even buy
a saree? Because after all, how many pujas am I going to go to? I'm just not going to make it
inside yoga. So, so at that moment, she looked at me, and she called out, and she, she said,
Linda, come buy this saree. And this is the saree that she wanted me to buy. So it's amazing saree,
it's organza. Can you see it? Wow. Wow. It's so, you know, that's the, the edge of it. And then
even the body of it has, can you see that pattern how it is? Yeah. So amazing.
And I, can you all see it? I know it takes a little bit to come and focus, but
yeah, yeah. So this saree I felt like was the saree that saved me and kept me going inside yoga.
I wore it so many times that it actually, you know, organza is pretty light. And so it did rip,
but I recently got somebody to sew it for me. So anyway, this is one of my most precious sarees
that, you know, it's not that, I mean, I bought it, but it really felt that absolutely she gave
it to me. So at that moment of need. The next one I want to tell you is, so
I guess it was in 1990, I was on the tour and I'd come for half the tour and we were in,
help me hear that. What is the, after Brahmapuri where the, where the Mahalakshmi temple is?
Where there's all the shopping and the bangles.
Okay. So, so she much, you know, that would happen that we would all get released into the town to
do some shopping and then she might, so some, this day we heard, you know, around the, the,
the town, somebody said, Oh, she matches. He's here. And I happened to hear where she was. She
was in a saudi shop. So I was with three other ladies and we went to that saudi shop where
somebody told us where she was. And we were standing outside the shop, but not in view.
Like we were on the side of the door because we didn't want to disturb and all. So we were
just standing outside, but to the side, not in the doorway at all. So, and that year I was getting
married. So just as we're standing there, I hear Srimadaji's voice and she says, Linda,
come here and buy your saudi for your wedding. So, so she, she had, she was at the back of the
store. She never came forward, but she, she, this is the saudi. This is my wedding saudi.
I can't see. You cannot see. Okay. Let's see. Is that better?
Wow. I can see it fine. Yeah. It's silver work with, let me show you the other side.
There's a lot of, it's very heavy saudi, you know, it's a wedding saudi.
So it's, you know, red, which is the traditional color. Anyway, I felt so very blessed.
Show us the inside as well. Oh yeah, sure. Let's see. I mean, it looks
like that. Wow.
I think, yeah, that's pretty much the, yeah. Oh my God. I know it's beautiful.
Amazing. Yes. So then, the next one is an embarrassing moment.
So many of these situations are, can be embarrassing. So this was in Kibela in the early
nineties. And I had gone for Krishna Puja. I always would go like a week in advance to prepare and,
she would, you know, we would talk about preparing for the puja. She would give the menus and all
these things. So I was there in the drawing room with not very many other people. And so
as we were sitting there, some yogi arrived with a suitcase. And what they said was that they had
found the suitcase and it was full of saudis that some lady, former yogini, had stolen.
So they had found, they had recovered this suitcase full of saudis. So this was, you know,
Shimachi was happy and they took the saudis into her bedroom. Well, at that point,
I had not yet received a saudi from Shimachi. And I had heard stories about people who had,
and I thought, oh, that would be so nice. You know, this is again, what Fergie was saying.
I didn't know at the time, this is the first time I really understood that she reads every single,
she hears every single thought you have when you're in her presence. And anytime, by the way.
So that is more obvious when you're with her. So there I am thinking, oh, wouldn't it be nice
to get a saudi from Shimachi? So right after I have this thought, she calls one of the yogis,
the yogi disappears into her bedroom and comes out with this saudi. So this saudi is what
must have been from that suitcase, I think. And it's, look at this thing.
Oh my gosh. Wow.
That's just the whole, the whole saudi is this work.
You know, the body of the saudi is that work. And then the, the palu, let me see,
is even more elaborate.
Let's see if I have it ready here. And also as Antoinette was saying, oh yeah, here it is.
The turquoise is my very favorite color. Can you see?
Wow. Yes.
So I was so embarrassed, also so delighted. So this is, and you know, it's the sort of thing that
for so many years, even now, you know, when somebody says, well, if you're,
if you have to leave your house, you know, there's a fire or something you have to leave in a hurry.
What would you bring? And this saudi is one of the things that I have ready to bring.
The next one is, is a story also in Kabbalah.
Came early for, to prepare for puja and Krishna puja. And so there were, I think,
three Indian ladies plus me who were there. And so, so, Srimadji, this is before the puja,
Srimadji gave saudis to each of us. And so they got these very heavy embroidered, you know,
sarees, puja type saudis. And I got this one, which is again, my favorite color.
Oh, sorry. Turquoise and it's this very lightweight material. Can you see?
Yeah, lovely.
Yeah. And it's very light and it's got a sort of, oh, the rest of it has, it's all this kind of
checkered, but simple, but so bright. And this color, I mean, you can see it, it just,
when I wear it, I feel really like completely, you know, my best self or something. So,
so I would love the saudi. But then when we got back to the room we were staying in,
the other lady said, well, they looked at my saudi and they said, that's not silk. So I thought, oh,
I got, you know, they got, they clearly got silk saudis and I thought, oh,
my saudi is not silk. Oh. So the next day we went to, we went into Srimadji's drawing room.
Well, we were about to, and just, you know, going from the dining room there into the drawing room,
just as I'm walking in, Srimadji says, this is so embarrassing, she shouts out to me,
she stopped doing what she's doing. And she says, it is silk.
Yeah. So maybe I'll tell you another similar story, actually, before I get to,
this one, this one. So this is another sort of story on me, where this was an Adi Shakti
puja in Ganujahari and she was giving saudis to the ladies, puja saudis, who had helped organize
the puja. So when I came up, I, you know, you're standing in line and you're seeing how she's,
Srimadji's sitting on the stage. And then there's, you know, there was one lady who was distributing
the saudis, just picking up a saudi and giving it to the next lady, picking up a saudi and giving
it to the next lady. So as I'm getting closer, I, you know, you already saw, I had that pink saudi
from, you know, 20 years before, but I didn't have a heavy pink saudi. And I made the mistake
of just having the thought, oh, wouldn't it be nice to have a heavy pink saudi?
So, so as I get there to receive my saudi, Srimadji, again, was doing something. She stopped
what she was doing. She turns to the lady who's giving out the saudis and she said, who's already
taken one in her hand. She says, no, not that one. Give her that one. This is the one.
So I, she gave me a pink saudi because she knows that I wanted. Yeah. This,
so you can see it's very, very pink here.
Gorgeous. Yeah.
So, okay. Then, maybe, let's see, maybe the last one I'll tell you about is the one I'm wearing.
And this one is, it was again,
a puja where she was giving saudis to all the ladies. And
so when I came up to receive a saudi from her, she, she motioned to someone to do a certain
saudi that was on the side. So, and she, she brought that, and I mean, they brought that,
and she said, this is special for you to me. And she gave it to me. And this, if you can see,
if I can make it more, yeah, I have to stand up. So this one has, this was in the early 90s,
or mid to early 90s. So you can see, it has scenes from Sri Krishna's life. It has
getting the, stealing the butter, and it has
chasing Krishna. So it's got all these scenes, and she, she, she opened it, and she said, see,
you can see that Sri Krishna's stories on it. So that was, this is also to me, one of my most
treasured ones. So that's all for now.
Beautiful. Wow. That, I've asked if you have 108 songs.
And she said, can you hear me, Hinda? Not very well. What did you say?
I said, Dara, I wondered if you have 108 saris. I don't know. I probably have around 50 though.
And she said, also perhaps some of the saris worn by Drakadi,
Jewish Mother protects the chastity of the US through your collection.
Yeah. Beautiful, beautiful stories. Thank you for the opportunity to share them.
And Felicity? Yes. Yes, I'm here. Just one minute. Yes, I'm here. Right. I'm here. But I don't think
I'm spotlighted. Yes, you are. Well, I can only see black on my screen. Really? Well, I can see
you. Okay. Okay. I'll just see black. That's okay. All right. So Jai Sharmataji everybody,
how lovely to share all the wonderful stories and what a beautiful collection everybody has.
So I have, I don't know if we have time. I have a small story and a longer sort of miracle story.
We have time. All right. So I will start with the first story. So in the early pujas,
the early days, often the ladies would be asked to share saris to decorate.
And one particular occasion, we were in San Diego, having Sri Buddha pujas on the beach,
on the sand, literally under a tent on the beach. There must have been, I think this was
87, 88 Sri Buddha pujas. And there's a lovely, if you watch the pujas itself,
it's a beautiful talk and they made a backdrop of the big banyan tree that Sri Buddha was said to
have got his enlightenment, his realization under it. And so we had the stage set up and then there
was this backdrop of this, actually it wasn't even painted. I think they'd, they somehow made it out
of cardboard or it's something was like a 3D big tree with branches. And this call went,
and we were all sleeping. We were all staying in tents on this sandy, very hot beach. And
I had two small children at the time and I had only brought, I think my pujasari and maybe one
other extra sari in case of need. And this call went out, we need saris to decorate the stage.
Can the Laxmis come forward and share their saris? And I thought, oh, this is such a special,
auspicious offering to have your sari used to decorate the stage for the pujas. It will
imbibe all these beautiful vibrations that mother will be emitting through the pujas.
But I didn't have, and many ladies came forward and they had embroidered silk saris.
And what I had brought was this very simple silk sari, which I had bought on my first India tour in
82. So it's very lovely, soft, light silk, but it's not fancy in any way. But I thought,
okay, nevermind. I'll just, you know, it's okay. Maybe they'll use it. Maybe they need it. Who
knows? So I'll just, you know, I'll offer this one. So I'll just keep it still. Sorry. So you can
see the pattern. And so I surrendered the sari. We went ahead and we had pujas.
And at some point I think I must've thought, I don't remember when it might've been at the end,
when the pujas was over and they started taking down the saris. And they just before that,
and they said, please come and collect your sari. And as I went forward, I looked and I thought,
oh, I don't see my sari. It's not in the backdrop. It's not been used. That's okay. It doesn't
matter. That's okay. It was nice that I offered. And as I was up near the front and I said,
someone said, oh, you have a sari. And I said, yes, I gave a sari, but I don't see it being used.
And she said, can you describe it? And I did. And she said, oh yes, we use the sari. We wrapped the
cushion under mother's feet. I just went, oh, I just could not believe it. And I went, oh my
goodness, what a blessing mother. That was so, so kind. And so ever since I never wore this sari
again, and I have just kept it in a bag in my drawer and every so often I get it out and I just,
I lay my head, I lay my head on it. And to my mind, it not mind it's when I just did it just
now when I got it out and I was just bowing on it. And it seemed to me that I smelled the fragrance
of shamataji. I can't explain it. So, so this sari is very special to me. And I feel that was
a very special gift from shamataji for me. So that's that story. And so then I have one other
story. I actually have shared my wedding sari story, which was quite a sort of funny story in
another video. So I thought I wouldn't share that today, but I have this miracle story and I have to,
I will explain. So in the summer of, I guess, or fall of 2009, eight, eight, my eldest daughter
said to me, mom, I'm putting my name down. I'm going to go and get married in India.
And I went, that's wonderful. Great. And so some, after some time I suddenly had
such a strong feeling. I felt I have to have a new sari for this, my, you know, she's getting married
and I can't explain it. It wasn't a desire. We didn't have money to buy a special sari,
but it's fine. I it's like, I felt mother telling me you have to get a new sari for this,
for this wedding occasion. And I saw, and you can't wear your wedding. Sorry. It has to be a new
side. And I thought, what am I going to do? I'm going to be the mother standing there. I need to
have a sort of like a decent sari looking. It has to be some kind of embroidered silk sari. And I
didn't have anything other than my wedding sari. And we certainly didn't have money to buy one.
And I thought, all right, I'll just go look in my closet and see what's there. So I go and I
open the doors to my closet and I'm looking at the sari set. And suddenly I see this red sari
with gold embroidery, like a wedding sari, which I will show you. So it's this one. And actually,
if I can open it up, it does have a very nice border in it. It's just got covered over. Yes,
here we go. So it has, can you see? Yeah. So it has a special standard and you can see it's got
beautiful. This is the inside. You can see all the gold thread. So this is just an amazing sari.
And I thought, what's this sari doing here? How can this be here? And then I felt, Oh, this must
be Brigitte Sagstadt. They were staying with us and then they packed up and moved country to Austria.
I thought somehow, somehow I have no idea how it's got left and put in my cupboard. So I rang her
up and I said, Oh, Brigitte, I found this sari in the cupboard and Freya is going to get married.
And I feel like I feel mother telling me that I need to wear a special sari for the wedding.
I wondered, could I borrow your sari? And she said to me, it's not my sari. I have all my saris here.
So I just went. I have no idea how mother did that. Nobody came to visit us. We lived in a
forest far from the collective. This is my miracle sari that Srimadaji put into my wardrobe.
Don't ask me how, but mother works miracles. So then the follow-up to this is we went to India
and my daughter was matched to an Indian. And I felt, Oh, on the day of the start of the ceremony,
I felt I have to look perfect. So I, I don't, you know, I usually try to look nice, but this time I
really paid attention to the detail. I put the sari on, I made sure the pleats were perfect.
Everything looked really fine. I asked someone, I said to them, I have to look good. I don't know
why, but I have to look good. Do I look good? And she said, yes, you look, you look perfect. You look,
you know, dignified and beautiful in the sari. So then we are standing by the fireplace waiting.
I'm standing with my daughter. And it, for some reason at that time, the group, the bride was
to the brides and her family were waiting by the fire and the groom and his family came into the
pendant afterwards. So we're waiting for the grooms to come. And finally the room start entering the
pendant and I see them getting closer and then I see, Oh, there he is. And there's his mommy and
his daddy. And I don't think for whatever reason I'd met them before it was all quite quick, you
know, you get matched and then a day or two later you're married. And I watched as she came towards
us, his mother and she turned and she saw me and she looked at me and I saw her whole face beam.
And she just went like, Oh, she looks wonderful. And I felt, I felt in that moment that it was
important for me to show that I understood their culture, that we had respect. I could wear the
sari and that in some way, this was reflecting on my daughter, that this was giving her dignity and
status in their eyes because their son was marrying a Westerner born realized I'll be it,
but a Westerner. And I realized in that moment, this is why I had to have this sari. It wasn't
for me. It was actually for my daughter. It was for Shreya. So that is the story of my miracle
story, how it is so beautiful. Her mother takes care of us in so many small ways and ways that
we don't understand the bigger picture. We don't know why, but we just follow our heart. We follow
what we feel mother is telling us and we then reap the beautiful rewards. So Jai Shri Mataji.
Thank you, mother. Nice. That's it from me. I don't have, I think because I went to Canada,
you know, quite soon in 82 and we had a lot of children and I wasn't in a position to help and
be around mother physically. So I didn't really, I received one other sari, a small sari, but
there isn't a story behind that. So Jai Shri Mataji.
What an amazing story to finish on for this. That's so beautiful.
Yeah. I think it really just shows, you know, I always really love the story mother tells of
the cap, how God can pass a camel through the eye of the needle. And I always believe that God and
Shri Mataji can do anything. If we have that belief, she, she can do anything and was a
lovely example of that. Beautiful. Okay. I'm just going to stop recording.